.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, before:

![Welcome Banner](banner.gif)


<img align="left" height="270px" alt="hello_world" src="pic.png" />

<h3> About Me </h3>

- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her/Hers 
- 🔭 I’m currently working on: an NLP sentiment analysis project
- :heart: My favorite language: SQL
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: nueral nets and Mandarin
- 👯 I’m always looking to collaborate with: scientist from any field
- 💬 Ask me about: anything, I am happy to help
- 🌍 I support: Latinas in Tech, AllStar Code, The Foundation to Decrease Worldsuck
- 💜 Interests: philosophy, travel, dachshunds, internet culture, video games, Star Trek
- ⚡ Fun fact: My ultimate dream is to be on Star Trek and dawn a yellow uniform. 🖖

<br/>

<h3> 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack</h3>

- :space_invader:
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
  ![POSTGRESQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) 
  ![MSExcel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white) 
- 🌐 &nbsp;
  ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
  ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-239120?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
- ⚙️ &nbsp;
  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
  ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
  ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
- 💻 &nbsp;
  ![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)
  ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ios&logoColor=white)


<br/>

<p>

### 📝 Recent Projects
#### [ Using Dating Profiles to Predict Occupation: ](https://github.com/DataOnATangent/Representative_Profiles_Machine_Learning_Project)<br>
Machine learning prediction model using logistic regression to predict a users observations using the various features used on their OKCupid dating profile. Data collected from OKCupid.com in the San Francisco Area.<br>
Libraries Utilized: Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Statsmodel, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scipy

#### [ Kings County Housing Price Prediction: ](https://github.com/DataOnATangent/Kings_County_Seattle_Housing_Project)<br>
Linear regression modeling for housing price prediction in King County, WA, USA, which is the greater Seattle Area. <br>
Libraries Utilized: Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Statsmodel, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn


#### [ Yelp ETL Project Analysis: ](https://github.com/DataOnATangent/Yelp_API_ETL_Project)<br>
EDA of Yelp API data for Flatiron School Data Science Immersive Program.<br>
Libraries utilized: Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn

</p>


<h3> 🤝🏻 &nbsp;Connect with Me </h3> 

<p align="center">
<br>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/anjcray/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" /></a>&nbsp;
<a href="https://twitter.com/DataOnATangent"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter" /></a>&nbsp;
<a href="https://dataonatangent.medium.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" alt="Medium" /></a>&nbsp;
<a href="mailto:dataonatangent@gmail.com?subject=Hola%20Jiji"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gmail-%23D14836.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"/></a>&nbsp;
<!--<a href="https://kkvanonymous.github.io/"><img alt="Website" src="https://img.shields.io/website?style=for-the-badge&up_message=portfolio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fkkvanonymous.github.io%2F"></a>-->
</p>



<br/> 
<p>

<a align= "center" href="https://github.com/dataonatangent">
  <img alt= "stats card" height="270px" width="400" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dataonatangent&theme=cobalt&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <img align="right" height="270px" alt="guy" width="350" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e4/26/70/e426702edf874b181aced1e2fa5c6cde.gif" /> </a>

</p>
<br/>












<p>
    <img align="center" alt="visitors" src="https://gpvc.arturio.dev/dataonatangent"/>
</p>

<!--
**DataOnATangent/dataonatangent** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

#Stats card for later use
<img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dataonatangent&theme=cobalt&layout=compact" />

-->

Commit message:

added time series project to profile

.ipynb_checkpoints/README-checkpoint.md, after:

![Welcome Banner](banner.gif)


<img align="left" height="270px" alt="hello_world" src="pic.png" />

<h3> About Me </h3>

- 😄 Pronouns: She/Her/Hers 
- 🔭 I’m currently working on: an NLP sentiment analysis project
- :heart: My favorite language: SQL
- 🌱 I’m currently learning: nueral nets and Mandarin
- 👯 I’m always looking to collaborate with: scientist from any field
- 💬 Ask me about: anything, I am happy to help
- 🌍 I support: Latinas in Tech, AllStar Code, The Foundation to Decrease Worldsuck
- 💜 Interests: philosophy, travel, dachshunds, internet culture, video games, Star Trek
- ⚡ Fun fact: My ultimate dream is to be on Star Trek and dawn a yellow uniform. 🖖

<br/>

<h3> 🛠 &nbsp;Tech Stack</h3>

- :space_invader:
  ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-14354C?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
  ![POSTGRESQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) 
  ![MSExcel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft_Excel-217346?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft-excel&logoColor=white) 
- 🌐 &nbsp;
  ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
  ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-239120?&style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
  ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-323330?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=F7DF1E)
- ⚙️ &nbsp;
  ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
  ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
  ![Markdown](https://img.shields.io/badge/Markdown-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white)
- 💻 &nbsp;
  ![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-0078D6?style=for-the-badge&logo=windows&logoColor=white)
  ![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ios&logoColor=white)


<br/>

<p>

### 📝 Recent Projects

#### [ A Time Series of CO2 Level Predictions: ](https://github.com/Astroraf/CO2_predictions)<br>
Machine learning prediction model using ARMA, ARIMA, and SARIMA to predict CO2 levels in the coming years. Data was sourced from NOAA and based on weekly average measurements. I hope to use this to highlight the need for further conservation efforts.<br>
Libraries Utilized: Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Statsmodels, Sklearn, PMDARIMA  
   
#### [ Using Dating Profiles to Predict Occupation: ](https://github.com/DataOnATangent/Representative_Profiles_Machine_Learning_Project)<br>
Machine learning prediction model using logistic regression to predict a users observations using the various features used on their OKCupid dating profile. Data collected from OKCupid.com in the San Francisco Area.<br>
Libraries Utilized: Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Statsmodel, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scipy

#### [ Kings County Housing Price Prediction: ](https://github.com/DataOnATangent/Kings_County_Seattle_Housing_Project)<br>
Linear regression modeling for housing price prediction in King County, WA, USA, which is the greater Seattle Area. <br>
Libraries Utilized: Scikit-Learn, Pandas, Statsmodel, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn

#### [ Yelp ETL Project Analysis: ](https://github.com/DataOnATangent/Yelp_API_ETL_Project)<br>
EDA of Yelp API data for Flatiron School Data Science Immersive Program.<br>
Libraries utilized: Pandas, Numpy, Matplotlib, Seaborn

</p>


<h3> 🤝🏻 &nbsp;Connect with Me </h3> 

<p align="center">
<br>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/anjcray/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" /></a>&nbsp;
<a href="https://twitter.com/DataOnATangent"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter" /></a>&nbsp;
<a href="https://dataonatangent.medium.com/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white" alt="Medium" /></a>&nbsp;
<a href="mailto:dataonatangent@gmail.com?subject=Hola%20Jiji"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/gmail-%23D14836.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Gmail"/></a>&nbsp;
<!--<a href="https://kkvanonymous.github.io/"><img alt="Website" src="https://img.shields.io/website?style=for-the-badge&up_message=portfolio&url=https%3A%2F%2Fkkvanonymous.github.io%2F"></a>-->
</p>



<br/> 
<p>

<a align= "center" href="https://github.com/dataonatangent">
  <img alt= "stats card" height="270px" width="400" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=dataonatangent&theme=cobalt&show_icons=true&count_private=true" />
  <img align="right" height="270px" alt="guy" width="350" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/e4/26/70/e426702edf874b181aced1e2fa5c6cde.gif" /> </a>

</p>
<br/>












<p>
    <img align="center" alt="visitors" src="https://gpvc.arturio.dev/dataonatangent"/>
</p>

<!--
**DataOnATangent/dataonatangent** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

#Stats card for later use
<img height="180em" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dataonatangent&theme=cobalt&layout=compact" />

-->
